KB: Calendar - hide weekends (#594)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/calendar-hide-weekends.md

---

> title: Hide Weekends in Calendar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Hide Weekends in the Calendar
```

> description: How to hide Weekends in Calendar?

Reviewer: more keywords 

```suggestion
description: How to hide weekend days in the Blazor Calendar?
```

type: how-to

> page_title: Hide Weekends in Calendar

Reviewer: It's true that we can omit articles in titles, but here it just doesn't sound well.

```suggestion
page_title: Hide Weekends in the Calendar
```

slug: calendar-kb-hide-weekends
position: 
tags: hide, weekends, calendar, datepicker, datetimepicker
ticketid: 1543661
res_type: kb
---

## Environment
<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>Product</td>
			<td>Calendar for Blazor, DatePicker for Blazor, DateTimePicker for Blazor</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>

## Description
I want to hide the weekends in the Calendar Month view, so only the week days are visible.

## Solution

> If you want to hide the weekends and have only the week days displayed in the Month view of the Calendar, you can achieve that with some custom CSS. By default, the first column of the view contains Sundays and the last one contains Saturdays. You can use that to target the specific n-th child of the table rows and hide them. In addition, you can expand the width of the visible cells to fill the layout of the view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to hide weekends and display only the week days in the Calendar Month view with custom CSS.

By default, the first column of the view contains Sundays and the last one contains Saturdays. You can use that to [target the specific n-th child](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:nth-child) of the table rows and hide them. In addition, you can expand the width of the visible cells to fill the layout of the view.
```

>caption Add some custom CSS to hide the weekends in Calendar Month view.

````CSHTML
<style>
/* Hide the first and the last cell of every row. By default, Sunday is first and Saturday is last (seventh). 
If needed, you can configure the selectors to target and customize other specific n-th child.*/

>     .k-calendar-monthview .k-calendar-th:nth-child(1),
>     .k-calendar-monthview .k-calendar-th:nth-child(7),
>     .k-calendar-monthview .k-calendar-td:nth-child(1),
>     .k-calendar-monthview .k-calendar-td:nth-child(7),
>     .k-calendar-monthview .k-other-month:nth-child(1),
>     .k-calendar-monthview .k-other-month:nth-child(7) {
>         display: none;
>     }
> 
>     .k-calendar-monthview .k-calendar-th,
>     .k-calendar-monthview .k-calendar-td,
>     .k-calendar-monthview .k-other-month,
>     .k-calendar-monthview .k-link {
>         width: 46px;
>     }        

Reviewer: I think we can use simpler and fewer selectors -

```suggestion
       .k-calendar-monthview .k-calendar-th:nth-child(1),
       .k-calendar-monthview .k-calendar-th:nth-child(7),
       .k-calendar-monthview td:nth-child(1),
       .k-calendar-monthview td:nth-child(7) {
           display: none;
       }

       .k-calendar-monthview .k-calendar-th,
       .k-calendar .k-calendar-monthview td,
       .k-calendar-monthview .k-link {
           width: 46px;
       }        
```
